AST-238: Add global script (#11)
akeneo/CsvToAsset: README.md

```

# Setup

You need to copy the [.env](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/dotenv.html) file:
```bash
cp .env .env.local
```

Then open `.env.local` to define the needed configuration vars:
```
AKENEO_API_BASE_URI=http://your-akeneo-pim-instance.com
```

> ## Docker setup [optionall]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker setup [optional]
```

> - Update your Enterprise Edition docker-compose file to allowe external data from network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update your Enterprise Edition docker-compose file to allow external data from network
```

```yaml
networks:
  pim:
    external: true
```

- Copy paste this `docker-compose.override.yml.dist` into `docker-compose.override.yml` and set your path to Enterprise Edition
- Set into `.env.local` variable `AKENEO_API_BASE_URI=http://httpd:80`

# How to Use

Run `./bin/migrate.php <family-code> <path-to-ee-installation>`

Note: Using docker, your `path-to-ee-installation` will be `/srv/ee`.

> This command will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will:
```

> - Export the former Akeneo PAM tables and put it into temporary folder in CSV format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export the PAM assets in CSV into a temporary folder
```
